hey guys and today I'm going to probably
be doing my last Lego review on lego
racers because I got the last holdout
track and just scored the ramp crash
there you can see the red cars jumping
over the truckle barrel was a coming off
and I can write the set and then
remember is the box on the back it's got
picture and tells you what the what the
features are in this set um so let's get
started with the set personally I will
show you cause this seconded two cars
and I'll show you the truck first
um this truck is a kind of flatbed one
and it says it's got nice stickers on it
what C C stands for cards cargo that's
one this is cars cargo on it
nice run on engine and then you've got
flatbed rug that with toxic waste
barrels
let's get close-up on the barrel it's it
comes with five of them it's just
abnormal bowel with the skeleton picture
on it and comes with five of them and
you put them on the back of the truck so
yeah that's it then you got the red car
gangster car cooler light nice stickers
on the front it's got loads of stickers
in detail is it says in the side zoom
box and then it's got not wrap fast and
the number plate is too fast for you to
kind of like how this car also it it's
really good the feature of this car
is this wing opens like that and also
this set comes with a $100 something and
it fits perfectly in this little slot
here and you just close it without so
those are the two cause it comes with
now on to the road this is the road very
uncool
it's got the normal thing you know the
line the road kind of thing with some
signs or so there's two sides to this
one there's a no-parking towaway zone
sign or picture of the car third toe
drop and it goes here it spins around as
well which is cool
um also you've got this one it says doc
city docks 15 it's got some arrows and
stuff like that um then cool um cool
about this set is that there's actually
a good feature wall I've never seen let
go graffiti before and this is all the
sticker
it's a massive sticker and it's awful
easy on it I'm gonna breed way so um
there was also these things which I read
confirms that wall and it goes they fill
out that they move stuff and then
finally there's some stickers here
I'm just the costs kid and also stop
I'll show you how this on this set works
you put the truck you put your the truck
there you get the barrel look up and the
red car comes smashes through
whole idea of a set it's really cool set
though I recommend probably getting it I
got mine for about 11 pounds 27 so
thanks for watching bye